[Music]
alright alright so the first thing you
want to do is just add some warmth to
your face and just adding a little bit
of a bronzer through the cheekbone and
forehead since Pirates are in the Sun
all day you know cleaning the deck and
whatnot so just put that all over now
I'm taking Laura Mercier's powder and
pure honey it's a few shades darker than
my natural skin tone I'm just packing
that kind of over the cheek and nose so
we have that really like tanned I've
been in the Sun all day type of look
alright so I'm gonna go ahead and
contour my nose so we have just kind of
a more angular harsh looking nose and
I'm gonna bring that contour up through
the inner area by the bridge of the nose
in that crease area so I'm just using
like a brown eyeshadow anything you use
this mine so now I'm picking up a black
cream shadow and sweeping that all over
the lash line top and bottom you can use
black pencil if you want anything that's
really kind of smudgy and wet looking
and you really don't have to be neat
with this alright so I'm just taking a
blending brush and sweeping out the
sides of that creamy shadow and just
pulling it outward making it a little
messy in the little smoky so I'm picking
up espresso just a matte Brown and
sweeping that around the outer corner
top and bottom and just pulling it out
kind of giving some dimension and depth
to that outer corner
next I'm going to pick up the color
Atlantic blue and it's just like a
really kind of ocean blue color by Mac
and I'm just gonna layer that over top
of that brown sweeping outward and this
time I'm just gonna pull it upward
towards that outer edge of the eyebrow
next pick up a bright green shadow this
one's by Mac I believe it's called moss
I'm gonna have to double check on that
and I'll put it in the description box
I'm just sweeping that through the
crease and then I'm gonna take a little
bit of that through the lower lash line
as well it's really making it smudgy
really smokey kind of have that look
like your makeups been on for days and
days and days so I'm just taking my
L'Oreal carbon black pencil this is
actually a really good black eyeliner
I'm just sweeping that through the
waterline a little bit now I'm taking a
brown pencil from NYX and just placing
that in the inner tear duct area and I'm
going to blend that out with my finger
all right so now I'm gonna add a liquid
liner to my top lash line and I wanted
to use liquid because it has that really
shiny texture that wet looking texture
like it's a little bit greasy so just
take that line in the extended outward
past the lash line not really winging
apart but just kind of dragging it out
so we have more of a flat looking shape
to the eye next I'm going back in with
that brown pencil and just shading
underneath that black liquid liner
making almost like a double line and
just smudging that around so we have a
little shadow little depth all right so
go ahead and fill in your brows again
really rough really messy you don't have
to be neat with
of this all right so now I'm adding some
freckles some sunspots on my face with
that brown liner because I kind of got
this idea from Pirates of the Caribbean
because it's been on like all day every
day and that Ludo pirate lady she's got
those spots on her face but anyway I'm
just going over that with that tan
powder again to sort of fade it and make
it look a little more natural into the
skin all right so if you want you can
add lashes I'm gonna add these ones by
Ardell they're just number 21 their
spiky nothing like overly dramatic
because realistically pirates wouldn't
be wearing fake lashes no what they but
it is Halloween so do what you want now
I'm just going to add this like brown
Brown pinky gloss you can just use a lip
balm just add some moisture and I'm just
packing a brownish black shadow over top
just make it dark and gritty and greasy
looking and that's your finished look
really kind of rough around the edges
pirates aren't supposed to be like super
pretty and refined remember they're
thieves for a living stealing gold so
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed it until my
next video I will see you guys later bye
[Music]